* Meeting with Christie for Analytics
* Jenna is writing a proto to manage launch darkly feature flags to enable/disable parts of the city, which is used by GMs
* Device API 
	* Focus on getting the device proto PR submitted
	* Meet with Christie to discuss base protos, try to focus on the bare minimum
	* Sign off on the device API changes (review the PRs from the Poland team)
* Wiktor working on pen test, ~~Sarah to review those PRs~~ Rafa reviewed and approved the PR
* DriveU being migrated to our own cluster January 6th, not long term solution, we probably want to move off of DriveU in the long term
* Jeremie to work on missing heartbeat data: https://coco-delivery.atlassian.net/browse/ESC-59
* Problem with the data pipeline not properly pulling data from 2026
* Race condition on trips getting created/cancelled
	* Duplicate Pilot Assignment bug: https://coco-delivery.atlassian.net/browse/DP-2909
* Received a list of issues from Donnie 
* Sprint 15 will end next week
* Need to set up design review with the robotics team
* Alex noticed 500s from the load balancer
	* Alex to create tickets for each issue
* Doordash wants the lid open button to be faster, but right now we return early but dont confirm the lid was actually opened

Action items
* Review Rob Z's PR for data pipeline
* Add API keys issued to the notion