* Be able to delegate orders to robots 
* Be able to fulfill more deliveries from fewer robots.
* Jenna's working on the observability of the dispatch 
* Sarah's working on making sure that robots that no longer are emitting a heartbeat to re-assign an order
* Jeremie to build the API for the monitoring dashboard that Jenna's working on
* Alex to catch up on the dispatch engine

## Questions
* What's the new dispatch engine
* What endpoints are missing for monitoring
	* Update functionality 
	* Dispatch engine
		* For orders, first they request an estimate/quote based on the robots available, pilots available, robot already at location
		* Keeps track of delivery estimates, keeps track of requests for trips (demand) for a robot, which then becomes a trip
		* Two important timestamps: the earliest it can start and the latest it can start
		* Roughly it listen for robot events, trip events and pilot and uses those events to build its own cache of what's the state of the robot and pilot, and uses that cache to generate estimates, to replan (which is looking at all the current orders, and updating estimates, and possibly re-assigning a robot/pilot)
		* demand.controller.ts has estimate, quote and confirm api, which are exposed externally. we'd like to add an update API to update the key fields in a demand. 
		* For example, there's a robot in our system and someone complains it's parked at a bad location, how do we debug it? Uusually if its parked in frnt of a customer, someone will complain. Usually the robot, through the return trip, will go back at its deployment location. At times, we leave the robot to stay in front of the destination, and a pilot will return it later because the pilot might just jump to another robot and do another trip.
		* What would be nice, is to be able to go in to the MC UI and update the latest start of a current order to now. 
		* Another use case is to be able to see the upcoming delvieries for a robot
		* Something that's been really hard, we have a table to look at all the estimates we produced. 
			* We need to make sure that the table is in a good state
			* We want to be able to look at all the most recent estimates for a merchant and for a robot

## Goal
* For tomorrow night, deploy to Helsinki
* For tonight, deploy new tool to monitor the supply/demand

## TODOs
* Demand controller has apis to do demand stuff, add post api to update
* We dont' have a demand update dto right now
	* Start
	* Latest Start
* Rebase main, deploy, migrate prisma, fix
* Activate API will activate a trip, AKA start it,
	* Given a demand ID, we should just automatically start a trip
* We might also want to add audit events 